Cory here yet Cory everyone out Cory hi
Cory
I know it's been several weeks didn't
you know I was gonna do something at
some point I'm so going to get you
really oh yeah come on Cory Palin don't
be mad it was so much fun wasn't it a
fun night no it was a really it was fun
until I had to leave and make the call
of shame to my mother
oh I just left Ellen's house i I don't
again go to work tomorrow I don't know
it was really fun it was a fun night I'm
glad that I had you all over so uh but
you're kind of easily scared right a
little tiny bit what yeah well I'm just
asking because that wasn't a scary movie
okay now we're in even quarry we're not
even all right have you been watching
the show you know that on Monday I gave
away a GMC Terrain to Maria from Miami
and the car really was supposed to be
used by Jeannie so she could drive
around and we could give money away to
people all over the country and I felt
kind of bad because I was not supposed
to give the car away but I just felt
like that family needed it so I gave it
away so anyway so today I get letter
from Baden Rowland in Dallas Texas and
Baden is a man right baden from dallas
texas and he says dear Ellen
my name is Baden Rowland and I'm a
general matter of let me at sternum my
name is Baden Rowland and I'm a general
manager of GMC dealership in Dallas
Texas I was watching your show the other
day and I saw that you gave away the GMC
Terrain that jeanne was driving to that
great lady in Miami we thought that was
real kind of you so I want you to send
Jeannie our way I think we could make a
really good deal on another brand new
terrain we'd hate to see that young lady
hitchhiking across country sincerely
Baden Rowland well Baden thank you so
much he's gonna give us another chance
maybe
I was very nice I love Dallas I used to
live very close to there so I'll send
Jeanne there let me just tell her she's
answering the phones when you call here
you get Jeanne on the phone hey Jeanne
hey Jeanne how was it did you hear that
or are you playing solitaire again on
your computer I didn't hear anything
that's going out okay well we got
offered another GMC Terrain from a
dealership our baton Roland in Dallas
Texas and so you're gonna have to get
somebody to cover the phones because
you're gonna go to Texas to pick up the
GMC so cool in jail yeah yeah excited
well it's really great it's a great city
and people are very very friendly and
one more thing
that's Cory Palin's fault thanks Jeannie
all right we'll talk to you when you get
to Dallas